Correct CSP source values (#35947)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/http/headers/content-security-policy/child-src/index.md

## Syntax

```http
Content-Security-Policy: child-src 'none';
Content-Security-Policy: child-src <source-expression-list>;
```

This directive may have either:

- the single keyword value `'none'`, meaning that no resources of this type may be loaded
- a list of _source expression_ values, meaning that resources of this type may be loaded if they match any of the given source expressions.

> The syntax for each source expression is given in [CSP Source Values](/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Headers/Content-Security-Policy/Sources).

Reviewer: Is it a syntax, but it might be better to refer to it as permitted or allowed values? Further, down to here we haven't mentioned URL or keyword - just "sources". Does that seem reasonable? At this point I'm already wondering what this list might look like. At least if we mention URL it is a little less abstract. 

```suggestion
The allowed URL patterns and keyword values for each source expression are given in [CSP Source Values](/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Headers/Content-Security-Policy/Sources).
```

If not here, it would be good to say this right up in the introduction - .e.g

> The HTTP {{HTTPHeader("Content-Security-Policy")}} (CSP)**`child-src`** directive defines the valid **URL pattern and keyword sources** for ...

Author: Agreed, I've gone with a slightly more explicit wording in https://github.com/mdn/content/pull/35947/commits/d5dd4d35414ea7bc78d6871425933777ada9e4bc.

Reviewer: Yes, that is good (better than before and what I suggested.
